Docs Update For Ingestion Params (#1618)
IMAP-Science-Operations-Center/imap_processing: docs/source/data-access/index.rst

Upload
^^^^^^

Similarly, files can be uploaded to the API using the command ``upload``.

When uploading files to the API, ensure these files are stored properly in a ``data`` directory (see the `Data Directory`_ section below for more information). Then,
ensure your working directory is one level above ``data`` in order to properly upload files.

[WIP] Certain ancillary files can also be uploaded to the API. For more specific information regarding these files, visit
`Ancillary Files <https://imap-processing.readthedocs.io/en/latest/data-access-api/calibration-files.html>`_

**Example Usage:**

    .. code-block:: bash

        imap-data-access upload /imap/swe/l1a/2024/01/imap_swe_l1a_sci_20240105_v001.cdf

Importing as a package
----------------------
Imap data access can also be imported and used as a python package.

**Example Usage:**

    .. code-block:: bash

        import imap_data_access

        # Search for files
        results = imap_data_access.query(instrument="mag", data_level="l0")
        # results is a list of dictionaries
        # [{'file_path': 'imap/swe/l0/2024/01/imap_swe_l0_sci_20240105_v001.pkts', 'instrument': 'swe',

>                 'data_level': 'l0', 'descriptor': 'sci', 'start_date': '20240105','version': 'v001', 'extension': 'pkts'},

Reviewer: Do these need to be marked as comments?

Reviewer: If it looks ok then it's fine to leave it

            {'file_path': 'imap/swe/l0/2024/01/imap_swe_l0_sci_20240105_v001.pkts', 'instrument': 'swe',
                'data_level': 'l0', 'descriptor': 'sci', 'start_date': '20240105', 'version': 'v001', 'extension': 'pkts'}]

        # Download a file that was returned from the search
        imap_data_access.download("imap/mag/l0/2024/01/imap_mag_l0_raw_202040101_v001.pkts")

        # Upload a calibration file that exists locally
        imap_data_access.upload("imap/swe/l1a/2024/01/imap_swe_l1a_sci_20240105_v001.cdf")

Configuration
--------------

.. _data-directory:

Data Directory
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The folder structure for data files within the IMAP SDC is rigidly defined, so the data access api will mimic that structure to make sure all data is stored in the same hierarchical structure as the SDC. This will enable seamless transition between a user's local system and the SDC. This is only used for downloads.

> A user's root data location can be specified as an environment variable ``IMAP_DATA_DIR`` or through a configuration dictionary within the package itself (``imap_data_access.config["DATA_DIR"]``). If the ``IMAP_DATA_DIR`` variable is not set, the program defaults to the user's current working directory + ``data/``.

Reviewer: Put a blank line between these two paragraphs so they show up properly as two paragraphs

The following is the directory structure the IMAP SDC uses.

    .. code-block:: bash

        <IMAP_DATA_DIR>/
          imap/
            <instrument>/
              <data_level>/
                <year>/
                  <month>/
                    <filename>

for example, with ``IMAP_DATA_DIR=/data:``

    .. code-block:: bash

        /data/
          imap/
            swe/
              l0/
                2024/
                  01/
                    imap_swe_l0_sci_20240105_v001.pkts

Data Access URL
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To change the default URL that the package accesses, you can set the environment variable ``IMAP_DATA_ACCESS_URL`` or within the package ``imap_data_access.config["DATA_ACCESS_URL"]``. The default is the development server (``https://api.dev.imap-mission.com``).

File Validation
---------------

> This package validates filenames and paths to check they follow our standards, as defined by the `filename conventions <https://imap-processing.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development-guide/style-guide/naming-conventions.html>`_. There is also a class available for use by other packages to create filepaths and filenames that follow the IMAP SDC conventions.

Reviewer: Instead of linking directly, link with the ref so that if this file ever changes locations (for example, in the PR I am about to merge) it won't need an update.

```suggestion
This package validates filenames and paths to check they follow our standards, as defined by the :ref:`naming conventions <naming-conventions>`. There is also a class available for use by other packages to create filepaths and filenames that follow the IMAP SDC conventions.
```

   {"statusCode": 400, "headers": {"Content-Type": "application/json", "Access-Control-Allow-Origin": "*"}, "body": "<param> is not a valid query parameter. Valid query parameters are: ['file_path', 'instrument', 'data_level', 'descriptor', 'start_date', 'end_date', 'version', 'extension']"}

Other pages
===========
-----------

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    calibration-files

>     data-dependency

Reviewer: Looks like this removed line is what's causing the build failure
